Updates block time & aligns session time (#150)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: learn/tanssi/technical-features.md

Once the block production set is known, Tanssi assigns them to provide block production services to the active Tanssi Appchains and the Tanssi network itself.

> The assignment algorithm will start distributing the available block producers, serving first the Tanssi network and then the appchains, ordered by the registration date, on a first-come, first-served basis. Once the assignment is made, it will be upheld for at least one session, which represents a period measured in blocks that has a constant set of block producers. In Dancebox, the Tanssi TestNet, the default session duration is set to {{ networks.dancebox.session.blocks }} blocks, which, with an average block time of 6 seconds, translates to (roughly) {{ networks.dancebox.session.hours }} hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The assignment algorithm will start distributing the available block producers, serving first the Tanssi network and then the appchains, ordered by the registration date, on a first-come, first-served basis. Once the assignment is made, it will be upheld for at least one session, which represents a period measured in blocks that has a constant set of block producers. In Dancebox, the Tanssi TestNet, the default session duration is set to {{ networks.dancebox.session.blocks }} blocks, which, with an average block time of six seconds, translates to (roughly) {{ networks.dancebox.session.display }} hour.
```
